you couldn't handle it,
you couldn't bare the thought the I would get on my feet again.
So you knocked me over and crippled me in the fall,
leaving me crawling and squirming in pain
To then just turn around and ask me how you could help me.

<<" Well for you to just fucking drop death on the floor would definitely help a lot" >>

No more sympathy no more compassion!
Respect needs to be earned and you showed me you don't earn a goddamn ounce of it.
You senselessly stabbed me in the back and happily asked me how you could help heal the wound while the knife was not yet removed.

<<"Guess what, FUCK YOU !">>
"
I'll pull that knife from my back and you can expect it returned to sender.
Don't be afraid, you WILL see it coming, I'm not a coward, I'll stab you right in the front.
So that I can whiteness karma in all it's fortune and glory.
So I can see your face when you realize you'll have to pay for how you threat people.

They are not objects for you to play around with, in your well prewritten recital of destruction.
Your path to the top is build upon the feelings and hard work of others, but you will soon realize
that the point where you will have to walk the steep and narrow path alone is coming closer.

<<"I guess you know as well as me that you wont make it, that you will trip, fall and glide into the abyss.">>

I hope you know that the inverse way of going up is coming back down.
Down, back down the exact same road you used to climb upwards.
Back down, all the way true the wreckage and debris you left behind while climbing.
You will be confronted with the endless devastations you made.
You will be brought to trial and you will be sentenced guilty.
You will be filled with remorse and you will beg for mercy.

<<"You wont get any tough">>

No-one will care for your plea nor will anyone assent on your eased circumstances.
They will not see your regrets and they wont give a fuck about your display of penitence.
That's because you can not 'undo' what you've done, there is no 'go back to start'.
The 'monster', you eagerly tried to show too everyone along the way, took over and shows on your face.
You can not take it off, it's rooted into your flesh and skin and has tethered on to your brain.

<<"Tough luck for you, bitch">>

Maybe there is a really small bit of 'who you were' left somewhere in that head of you.
Trapped in the middle of the void that replaced the remains of who you once were.
I hope there is, for that would make the act of retribution complete.

I hope you rot,
but not before you suffered and screamed,
not until you have submerged long enough in sorrow and grief, in pain and agony and constant misery.

<<"And I fucking hope I'll be there to witness it all">>
